= WIKIPEDIA Q search Wikipedia
Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
6,778,868 articles in English
From today sured arc
In the 1891 English cricket season, o Ibrahim Iskandar of Johor (pictured) is
Somerset County Cricket Club returned sworn in as the Yang di-Pertuan Agong A
to first-class cricket after a five-year of Malaysia. A
E=RUEEMEEINRENY || errs rent Sm aise y 1 'N
‘The County Ground, Taunton, where Championship, which had been . . “ill ol
Somerset Imran Khan is sentenced to ten years in >
played their home y . i
established the previous year. Somerset . . |
matches prison for leaking state secrets, fourteen A go 4
began the season poorly, drawing one ;
. . . ! years for corruption, and to seven years Ibrahim Iskandar of
and losing two of their opening three fixtures. Results improved and for illegal marrage. pr
Somerset won five, lost six and drew one of their County Championship
matches, finishing fifth in the table. The Somerset team predominantly © Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger announce their withdrawal
consisted of amateur batsmen, supported by two professional bowlers. from the Economic Community of West African States.
Lionel Palairet led Somerset's batting in terms of both runs and average,» Following damage to the helicopter's rotors, NASA ends
scoring 560 runs at an average of 31.11; he was also the only Somerset the Ingenuity mission on Mars after seventy-two flights in
player to score a century during 1891. Somerset's professional bowlers, almost three years.
George Nichols and Ted Tyler, along with an amateur all-rounder, Sammy i .
3 . Ongoing: Israel-Hamas war « Myanmar civil war Red Sea
Woods, did almost all of the bowling for the county; Woods led the . ; .
_— on oo ry . a crisis « Russian invasion of Ukraine (timeline)
owling tables with 72 wickets at an average of 17.08. (Full article...) Recent deaths: Melinda Ledbetter + Jean Carnahan - Jonnie
Recently featured: Brother Jonathan (novel) - Snowy plover « Philosophy | Irwin « Larry L. Taylor - Satoshi Kirishima - Brian Griffin
Archive - By email - More featured articles - About Nominate an article
id you know ..
« .. that the Kalmia Club (clubhouse pictured) is GRE February 4: Lichun begins in East Asia (2024)
d after th tain laurel? ANID
named after the mountain faure BEMIS. 1160 - A strong earthquake struck the rn
5 2 Vi
« that Martina Fernandez plays football for 08 ON caste coast of sicily, causing at least 7 ey
Barcelona and studies part-time at a biomedical Ud I® i 1 iy 15,000 deaths. HESS 2)
| ¢ A
° lode bd ji A
abiaton 2 Sete « 1960 — Yasser Arafat (pictured) was ye (
+. that Southern Water was fined £90 millon for ~~ /%heuse the elected chairman of the Palestine 2 3
deliberately dumping sewage into the sea? Liberation Organization. " wef
o that Princess Zelda's name was inspired by American novelistand ~~ 1974 American newspaper heiress and Yesser Avsfat
socialite Zelda Fitzgerald? socialite Patty Hearst was kidnapped by the Symbionese
o that a bus-chase sequence in Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten (Eee App CED Hed Pnenpalf fo mess
Rings took more than a year to plan and was revised more than twenty Well-known cases of Stockholm syndrome.
times? « 1999 — Amadou Diallo, a 23-year-old immigrant from
« . that cometist Al Sweet dressed his band, the White Hussars, in flashy ~~ OUinea was shot and killed by four New York City Police
white-and-gold military uniforms based on hussars? pepaiinSatplaedothedtiiceS prompting lohiiage
both within and outside the city.
o that the 400th episode of Neighbours features the serial’s first ever i oo
pp Bill Haywood (p, 1869) - Virginia M. Alexander (fp, 1899) -
Jean Bolikango (b, 1909) - Hilda Hilst (, 2004)
o that a street in Bucharest was once named after lonita Tunsu, an Co
CT More anniversaries: February 3 - February 4 - February 5
outlaw who used to visit his girlfriend there?
Archive - By email - List of days of the year
Archive - Start a new article - Nominate an article
Today's featured picture
i a
5 Z <a
[SNS |
San Pedro is a composite volcano in northern Chile and one of the tallest active volcanoes in the world. It is part of the Andean
Volcanic Belt and, like other Andean volcanoes, was formed by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South America Plate.
San Pedro is formed of two separate edifices, the Old Cone and the Young Cone, and is adjoined to a neighbouring volcano, San
Pablo. The Old Cone was active over one hundred thousand years ago and was eventually truncated by a giant landslide that removed
its northwestern side. Within the landslide scar lava flows and pyroclastic flows constructed the Young Cone as well as the lateral
centre La Porufia. Some eruptions have been reported during historical time, and presently the volcano is fumarolically active. This
photograph shows San Pedro in the foreground, with San Pablo visible behind it to the right.
Photograph credit: Diego Delso
Recently featured: Brown-headed cowbird - Edmonia Lewis - Daphne mezereum
Archive - More featured pictures
Other areas of Wikipedia
« Community portal ~The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements.
« Village pump — Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues.
o Site news — Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement.
o Teahouse - Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
«Help desk - Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
« Reference desk — Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics.
« Content portals — A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia.
Wikipedia's sister projects
Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of
other volunteer projects:
Commons oO MediaWiki &® Meta-Wiki
® Free media repository Wiki software development &) Wikimedia project coordination
6 Wikibooks mi Wikidata (wy Wikinews
Free textbooks and manuals Free knowledge base “Pree content news
Wikiquote <o Wikisource ©. Wikispecies
*)
) Collection of quotations Q  free-content library ® Directory of species
1 Wikiversity <<  Wikivoyage 7p Wiktionary
Free learning tools Free travel guide #7 Dictionary and thesaurus
Wikipedia languages
‘This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.
1,000,000+ articles
aul - Deutsch « Espafiol - Frangais - Italiano Nederlands - B# - Polski - Portugués + Pycckui « Svenska - Yipaikceka  Tiéng Viet »
Lod
250,000+ articles.
Bahasa Indonesia - Bahasa Melayu + Ban-1am-g(i - Buarapcku - Catala « Cedtina » Dansk » Esperanto » Euskara + plo + N12Y + Zuybntil -
#30f + Magyar - Norsk bokmal - Romana - Srpski » Srpskohrvatski - Suomi « Tiirkge
50,000+ articles
Asturianu » JIE + Bosanski » 5355 + Eesti - Evie - Simple English « Frysk - Gaeilge + Galego + Hrvatski » otioeo « Latviedu -
Lietuviy - DRIIE0 - Makeaorcku « Norsk nynorsk - YH « Shqip « Sloventina « Slovenstina « ng « Sei « O'zbekcha / Ja6ekua
™
(View edit history of this page. >
‘WIKIPEDIA
Content is available under CC BY-SA 4.0 unless otherwise noted.
Terms of Use = Privacy policy + Desktop
